all right where would you put those
nowhere in my bedroom and your butt okay
my favorite like ordinance to get that's
what I'm talking about
that's 8 bucks look at this kiss history
though oh yeah these are offered like
the look that makes sense
oh it's for the tree I'm like holding it
like this yes oh yeah it's gonna move
like it's like fur glued on let's see
how much it is okay
[Laughter]
I tell you got a lot of onesie you did
yeah dude do you look at a one secret I
want yeah no yeah I think you get them
and then I got it I got it
that was bad it's been accumulating an
accumulation for tonight oh those are
kind of cute the hats yeah look at this
one that feels really nice too because
it's art that does oh my gosh you write
on it just Milly what is the same say
these are the funniest things you
explosion - awesome okay that's not very
funny
Sara's room joy these are really cool
though
just some people you probably should be
a polishin why would you do that
I'll make merch for you that just says
save the earth oh okay well then I will
take it to the thrift store and then you
can buy it from there that's your twin
no I didn't what would you say to them I
mean
[Laughter]
[Music]
you gonna hold him like that
his little curlicues I thought they were
so cool when I was a kid like I just
want a present huh do it sir go wait get
it again except I can't see straight go
right there
[Music]
let's go to Starbucks and see if I can
get a cup okay you know I should have
done I should have bought like five they
gave me a fun show which I mean hello
festive yeah you're like no booger girl
I don't want yeah I'm gonna get
copyright for putting that in there oh
it would be in the middle sector oh
that's cold
they've got elf ones well if they have
these like we should get the other kind
too
do they have them oh okay I think I like
the Christmas tree a lot or what do you
like I like the Christmas tree oh
there's snowman elf one's gonna dump
your dumb elf go back in Lane we can't
possibly trying discover how they work
yep take it
you're a mean one
mr. great to tell me Loki he can't see
[Music]